# Obsidian
ML Augmented Enterprise Architecture - Interaction Interface, Search Engine, and Generation Engine... Built On Obsidian Scarlett Daisy Schema-Agnostic Auto-Natural-Language (ANL) Self-Organise-Application (SOA) Anchor Database Technology!


NOTA BENE: If any organisation/individual wants to use any of the code in this Obsidian-Anchor-Database repository (or any similar coding techniques) in any of their internal/external products/services/Experiences, then they must agree to, and are indeed bound by the Almighty God under Wrath of punishment, to do the following 3 things: 1. Make reference to me (actual name, Coder name, and Obsidian Scarlett Daisy... logo optional) as the originator of core source code in the internal/external product/service/experience, within the internal/external product/service/experience itself in a prominent position; 2. Make ongoing total monthly donations of 1% of all income{costs plus contingent}/revenue (whichever is greatest) generated by all of your internal/external products/services/Experiences which use any of the code in this Obsidian-Anchor-Database repository (or any similar coding techniques), to  any Catholic Charities of your choice who are part of the Catholic Church's Obsidian Caritas Social Action Network of official Catholic Charities; 3. Include this nota bene in a prominent position in all documentation/code scripts that use any of the code in this Obsidian-Anchor-Database repository (or any similar coding techniques)... Moreover, if you use any ideas, concepts, or algorithmic designs within this Obsidian-Anchor Database repository, that are conveyed to you in non computer code language (e.g. natural human language or images etc.), in any of your internal/external products/services/experiences, then I strongly exhort you to donate that 1% of total ongoing income{costs plus contingent}/revenue generated, to any Catholic Charities of your choice who are part of the Catholic Church's Obsidian Caritas Social Action Network of official Catholic Charities. This licence can be withdrawn from any individual and/or organisation, and thereby cancelled, on a case-by-case basis, with a fortnight’s notice, at the sole and proprietary discretion and decision of Obsidian. Also, Obsidian and its owners and employees, accept no liabilities whatsoever, for the use of anything contained herein this GitHub site/repository, nor any of its derivatives.


Current Development Focus Is On the Core Search Engine Algorithm. I haven't thoroughly tested the queries yet, so be aware that there may be minor bugs. Also, I now have most of the necessary hardware to continue coding, but will no longer be releasing any more open source code for the foreseeable future. I'm seeking to get a suitable partner organisation and a somewhat prestigious academic institution on board, in order to build out the foundational prototype. Microsoft, please get in touch with me before Pentecost 2022, otherwise I will have to seek a different partner organisation. MIT, please also get in touch with me before Pentecost 2022, otherwise I will have to seek a different partner academic instituiton.

Over the coming months, quarters, and years, I will gradually add to the back-end, API gateway, and front-end code, with the aim of producing an 'open'-source high-performance (usable, effective, efficient, maintainable, and reliable), feautre-rich library of configure and integrate code, and SQL Server database modules, in order for companies of any size to optimally plan, transform, and run their organisation via a robust enterprise architecture digital twin paradigm.

I won't be dealing with parameter binding, indexes, or query execution plans until much later in development, when I build the UI.

… The End… For Now…
